.TH pizza_party 1 "April 29th 2004" "Pizza Party" "BEIGE"
.SH NAME
pizza_party \- text-based client for ordering pizza.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pizza_party
.RB [ \-o | \-\-onions ]
.RB [ \-g | \-\-green-peppers ]
.RB [ \-m | \-\-mushrooms ]
.RB [ \-v | \-\-olives ]
.RB [ \-t | \-\-tomatoes ]
.RB [ \-h | \-\-pineapple ]
.RB [ \-x | \-\-extra-cheese ]
.RB [ \-d | \-\-cheddar-cheese ]
.RB [ \-p | \-\-pepperoni ]
.RB [ \-s | \-\-sausage ]
.RB [ \-w | \-\-ham ]
.RB [ \-b | \-\-bacon ]
.RB [ \-e | \-\-ground-beef ]
.RB [ \-c | \-\-grilled-chicken ]
.RB [ \-z | \-\-anchovies ]
.RB [ \-u | \-\-extra-sauce ]
.RB [ \-U| \-\-user=
.IR username ]
.RB [ \-P | \-\-password=
.IR pasword ]
.RB [ \-I | \-\-input\-file=
.IR input-file ]
.RB [ \-V | \-\-verbose ]
.RB [ \-Q | \-\-quiet ]
.RB [ \-F | \-\-force ]
.RB [ QUANTITY ]
.RB [ SIZE ]
.RB [ CRUST ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The 
.B pizza_party
program provides a text only command line interface for ordering DOMINOS pizza from the terminal.  This program is intended to aid in the throwing of 
.IR PIZZA 
.IR PARTIES
which are also sometimes known as
.IR ZA
.IR PARTIES

.SH USAGE
.TP
pizza_party -pmx 2 medium regular
.TP
Orders 2 medium regular crust pizzas with pepperoni, mushrooms, and extra-cheese.

.SH DIRECTIONS
You will first need to go to www.dominos.quikorder.com and sign up for an account.  Then use your user name and password in the .pizza_partyrc file, or in your command line request.    

.SH OPTIONS
.TP

.BR \-o | \-\-onions
Order your pizza with onions.
.TP
.BR \-m | \-\-mushrooms
Order your pizza with mushrooms.
.TP
.BR \-v | \-\-olives
Order your pizza with olives.  To remember this try to think that often olives go in [v]odka. 
.TP
.BR \-t | \-\-tomatoess
Order your pizza with tomatoes.
.TP
.BR \-h | \-\-pineapple
Order your pizza with pineapple.  To remember this try to think of [h]awaii
.TP
.BR \-x | \-\-extra-cheese
Order your pizza with extra cheese.  To remember this try to think of [x]tra, a common misspelling of extra.
.TP
.BR \-d | \-\-cheddar-cheese
Order your pizza with cheddar-cheese.  
.TP
.BR \-p | \-\-pepperoni
Order your pizza with pepperoni.
.TP
.BR \-s | \-\-sausage
Order your pizza with sausage.
.TP
.BR \-w | \-\-ham
Order your pizza with ham.  To remember this try to think of the pig from chroltette's web named [w]ilber.  Or actually better yet, lets think of "House of Pains" second album title "Same as it ever [w]as".  fact: House of Pain started a pizza place in LA names HOUSE OF PIZZA.
.TP
.BR \-b | \-\-bacon
Order your pizza with bacon.  
.TP
.BR \-e | \-\-ground-beef
Order your pizza with ground-beef.  To remember this try to think of [e]coli bacteria.
.TP
.BR \-c | \-\-grilled-chicken
Order your pizza with grilled chicken.  
.TP
.BR \-a | \-\-anchovies
Order your pizza with anchovies.  
.TP
.BR \-u | \-\-extra-sauce
Order your pizza with extra sauce.
.TP
\fB\-U\fP|\fP\-\-username=\fP\fIusername\fP
Include your dominos username in the command line as opposed to using the ini file. 
.TP
\fB\-P\fP|\fP\-\-password=\fP\fIpassword\fP
Include your dominos password in the command line as opposed to using the ini file. 
.TP
\fB\-I\fP|\fP\-\-input-file=\fP\fIinput-file\fP
Read pizza orders from a batch file.  This batch file will be formatted the same way as your single command line pizza orders except each order will be separated by a UNIX new line.
.TP
.BR \-Q | \-\-quiet
quiet.  
.TP
.BR \-F | \-\-force
Order your pizza without asking for a confirmation.  
.TP
.BR \-H | \-\-help
show the command options/arguments for pizza_party.  
.TP
.BR QUANTITY
Quantity can be 1-9
.TP
.BR SIZE
Size can be (small|s) or (medium|med|m) or (large|l).  Default is large.
.TP
.BR CRUST
Crust can be (thin|t) or (regular|reg|r) or (deep|d).  Default is regular.

.SH RC FILE: .pizza_partyrc
.TP
.pizza_partyrc
.TP
To be placed in your home directory, this file can contain all your default information.  A typical format would look like...
.P
username=rtm
.RS 1
.RE 1
password=simple
.RE 1
default_quantity=3
.RE 1
default_size=medium
.RE 1
default_crust=deep
.RE 1
default_toppings=pmx

.SH AUTHOR
Ver 0.1 beta, distribution 00.00.04
.RE 1
Eyebeam.org & BEIGE Programming Ensemble commission / collaboration
.RE 1
Cory Arcangel (studio ATTTTT coryarcangel DOT com),
.RE 1
Michael Frumin (michael ATTTTT frumin DOT neeeeet).
.RE 1
This software comes with no warranty.
.\" end of man page
